Propagate correlation headers to all outgoing HTTP/OpenAPI calls (#146)
quarkiverse/quarkus-flow: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/http-client.adoc

WARNING: Only enable `trust-all` or disable `verify-host` in controlled environments
(for example, local development). In production these settings significantly reduce TLS security.

== 12. Correlation headers

> For idempotency and traceability purposes, Quarkus Flow by default attaches important HTTP headers for all HTTP/OpenAPI outgoing calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For idempotency and traceability purposes, Quarkus Flow by default attaches correlation metadata HTTP headers for all HTTP/OpenAPI outgoing calls.
```
